# Pest Quest Readme V1.0Pest Quest is a website designed to improve the awareness of pests that exists in Victoria. This is achieved in multiple ways:* An introductory page that introduces multiple different type of species of pests that exists in Victoria* A map that has marked locations of pests that has appeared in Victoria## MotivationThe motivation behind Pest Quest is because nearly a fifth of Australians do not know how to differentiate between native animals and introduced pests. Pests such as foxes are commonly thought as native animals. However, the reality is such that these pest causes a huge damage to the biodiversity in Australia. ## Requirements* Knowledge in ASP.NET MVC 5 and C#* Microsoft Visual Studio 2019* GitHub (for version control)## Installation Steps1. Download/pull code from GitHub2. Locate the downloaded code locally3. Launch Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 4. Click on Open a project or solution5. Look for the path specified in Step 26. Look for the solution file (.sln format)7. You have now entered the development environment running! Congratulations!## SupportIf you have any trouble you can always email us at:* zwuu0039@student.monash.edu* jwchi7@student.monash.edu## RoadmapWe are planning to release:* Iteration 2 on 17/09/2020* Iteration 3 on 19/10/2020## Authors and acknowledgmentWe would like to thank Zenan for being the Main Developer for this project. In addition, Jonathan for being the Assistant Developer. Finally, we would also like to extend our gratitude to our Business Analysts in our team, Lei and Rui for their contribution in the ideation and documentation throughout the project. ## LicenseMIT LicenseCopyright (c) [2020] [Pest Quest]Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.